ERC-721 is an ERC standard that describes
how to build non-fungible or unique tokens on the Ethereum blockchain.
ERC-721 defines a minimum interface,
a smart contract must implement and allow
unique tokens to be managed, owned, and treated.
It does not restrict adding additional supplemental functions.
Now, like ERC-721 or ERC-20 tokens that we learned in the course in validity,
this is an interface.
So, if you see this is an interface definition,
which means it describes what it should to do,
not how it should do.
Implementation is also lift upon the smart contract right.
Now, ERC-721 defines a set of functions and events that involve the movement,
ownership, and information about these non-fungible items.
So, we have function's name,
we have the name of the token,
we have symbol, then we have total supply,
balance of, owner of, approval.
Look at the list and we also have three events defined here.
So, let's look at some of the functions on the screen.
Now, some of the functions are like ERC-20 functions.
The reason it's done that,
just to saw that we can have compliance between the ERC-20 and the ERC-721.
It makes it easier for existing wallets to display simple information about the token.
Then, we start with the first of all with the name of the token.
This function is used to tell
the outside contract and applications with the name of this token is,
and then we have the symbol.
Again, just so that we have compatibility between the ERC-20 and ERC-721 token standards,
and then we have total supply.
This function returns the total number of tokens available on the blockchain.
The supply of course, does not have to be constant.
Then, we have the balance of function.
This function is just right there, the balance of function.
This function is used to find the balance
or the number of tokens at a given address owns.
Okay? So, that's some of the functions that we have ownerOf function.
This ownerOf function that we're looking at,
this function returns the address of the owner of a token.
Because each ERC-721 token is non-fungible and therefore,
it has unique ID.
So, it is a reference on the blockchain via this unique ID.
So, we can determine if the owner of the token using its ID,
and if it's the right owner or not.
Okay? So, let's look at some more functions in our next video.